Add special usage tag validation note (#67)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Guide: chapters/validation_overview.md

- `1.2/html/vkspec.html#VUID-VkPipelineLayoutCreateInfo-descriptorType-03016`

The Validation Layer uses the device properties of the application in order to decide which one to display. So in this case, if you are running on a Vulkan 1.2 implementation or a device that supports `VK_EXT_descriptor_indexing` it will display the VUID `03016`.

## Special Usage Tags

> When using the [Best Practices layer](https://vulkan.lunarg.com/doc/sdk/latest/windows/best_practices.html) it will produce warnings if the application tries using any extension with [special usage tags](https://www.khronos.org/registry/vulkan/specs/1.2-extensions/html/vkspec.html#extendingvulkan-compatibility-specialuse). An example is an extension such as [VK_EXT_transform_feedback](extensions/translation_layer_extensions.md#vk_ext_transform_feedback) which is only designed for emulations layers. If an application does fit into the speical use case, the following is the designed way to ignore the warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Best Practices layer](https://vulkan.lunarg.com/doc/sdk/latest/windows/best_practices.html) will produce warnings when an application tries to use any extension with [special usage tags](https://www.khronos.org/registry/vulkan/specs/1.2-extensions/html/vkspec.html#extendingvulkan-compatibility-specialuse). An example of such an extension is [VK_EXT_transform_feedback](extensions/translation_layer_extensions.md#vk_ext_transform_feedback) which is only designed for emulation layers. If an application's intended usage corresponds to one of the special use cases, the following approach will allow you to ignore the warnings.
```
Fixes a couple of typos, and scans a bit better I think

Ignoring Special Usage Warnings with `VK_EXT_debug_report`

```cpp
VkBool32 DebugReportCallbackEXT(/* ... */ const char* pMessage /* ... */)
{
    if(strstr(pMessage, "specialuse-extension") != NULL) {
        // ignore

>     };

Reviewer: These branches could be a little clearer, particularly with respect to fall-through to the default handling. Maybe:

```
// If pMessage contains "specialuse-extension", then exit
if(strstr(pMessage, "specialuse-extension") != NULL) {
    return VK_FALSE;
};

// Handle remaining messages
```

}
```

Ignoring Special Usage Warnings with `VK_EXT_debug_utils`

```cpp
VkBool32 DebugUtilsMessengerCallbackEXT(/* ... */ const VkDebugUtilsMessengerCallbackDataEXT* pCallbackData /* ... */)
{
    if(strstr(pCallbackData->pMessageIdName, "specialuse-extension") != NULL) {
        // ignore
    };

> }

Reviewer: As above
